1	Jarrett Tilford	20	Why I want to be a Blitter	I want to be a Blitter to be a part of a Christian work environment. It would mean very much to me for my work to benefit Christ and other people/Christians.	I want to be a Blitter to become a professional for the right reasons, mainly advancing the Kingdom. Being a part of that one percent would be amazingly useful for God to work through the talents provided to me.	I want to be a Blitter to learn. I think any work is fun if it means I'm learning how to work better, faster, and smarter. I love when I am able to finally overcome a problem and find the solution. Having a goal to program toward will really help spring-board my learning.	I want to be a Blitter because the work environment looks fun. Honestly, just the idea of being able to take an Xbox break sounds really awesome. I appreciate the laid-back model, as I am not much into strict scheduling, myself. When I am in the groove I can really be productive, and I find that I can get that more when I work somewhat on my own time.	I want to be a Blitter to develop my passion for computers. I love to type things in and have the systems do what I say. I get a thrill from having that kind of knowledge, authority, and creativity.	I want to be a Blitter to advance my faith. Troy and Rob appear to be really committed Christians. I feel that would be very beneficial to my personal walk with Christ, to have accountability in the work place for making sure I stay in line, whether that be weekly checkups on my devotional time, or an understanding and a guidance for what is right in larger social situations like hackathons or theoretical bar scenarios after said hackathons.	I want to be a Blitter to be able to support a family where my wife does not have to work a few years down. Money is an important component of survival (second to God of course), I'd say. If I work well, I've learned that Blit pays well. I appreciate that a lot. I plan on always living on a smaller budget, and I'd like to have excess for giving to those in need.	I want to be a Blitter because I love the Open Source model, and I really would love to be some part of that project. Open source has always interested me since I learned of it, and I think making open source church software could be a massive success.	I want to be a Blitter to better help and serve Christian organizations with their technology and backends. Christian software always tends to be made poorly, and I would like to contribute to fixing that.	I want to be a Blitter because I really love small businesses. I think Blit really hits home with almost everything I have desire to be involved in. That includes: a small business, friendly Christian environment, programming, and assisting churches with technology. The main thing that it doesn't necessarily encompass yet is my passion for politics. Eventually I want to teach young students about Christian Liberty, and some day I'll want to run for political office.	2013-07-16 02:09:16.386078	2013-07-16 02:09:16.386078
